# Week 4 minutes

## Important Data

**Location:** DW PC1 cubicle 6\
**Date:** 07-03-2023, 14:45 - 15:30\
**Chair:** Ilse Inanc\
**Note taker:** Janusz Urbánski\
**Attendees:** Christos Tamvakas, Eduard Mihai, Ilse Inanc, Janusz Urbánski, Ksenia Sycheva, Yasir Al-Hasnawy, Carina-Silvia Oprean

---

### How is everyone doing? <br/>

- Everyone is fine

### Approval of the agenda and previous minutes <br />

- Official backlog was added as a point of discussion

### Discuss progress on todos<br />

- The code integration will be done during an informal meeting
- **todo**: tasklist model, task model, testing, finish update method in controllers

### Backlog and issues on GitLab<br />

- Ask about multiple servers and workspaces in the backlog
- We should use milestones as epics in issues on GitLab
- Issues have to contain everything in the backlog but can also contain additional tasks
- Use long pooling for synchronization and maybe web sockets if required


### Division of Tasks (for the project itself)<br />

- Will be discussed during an informal meeting

### Meetings<br />

- We will do two informal meetings and one online meeting in addition to the official one
- We should put the requirements into the gitLab during next informal meeting

### Heuristic  usability report<br />

- Do the Heuristic usability report
- Get feedback from another team
- Use mockups for the report

### TA feedback<br />
- TA explained how the issues on github work
- Don't approve your merge requests
- Read the process tab in Grading section to know how everything is assessed 
- We will get review of code contribution for the past week
- Don't name branches with our names
- separate servers storing separate workspaces with boards????
- Try not to do very small merges
- Fix issues while working on another meaningful merge request
- Do budycheck deadline is on friday and it should be available tonight

### Chair of next week <br />

- Ksenia Sycheva

### Minuttaker of next week <br />

- Eduard Mihai

