# Week 7

## Important Data
**Location:** DW PC1 cubicle 6\
**Date:** 28-03-2023, 14:45 - 15:30\
**Chair:** Ksenia Sycheva\
**Note taker:** Christos Tamvakas\
**Attendees:** Christos Tamvakas, Eduard Mihai, Ilse Inanc, Janusz Urbánski, Ksenia Sycheva, Yasir Al-Hasnawy, Carina-Silvia Oprean

----------
### Check In - How is everyone doing?
+ Everyone is doing well

### Approval of the agenda and previous minutes - Does anyone have anything to add? 

+ The Chair added a section regarding the Product Pitch draft to today's meeting agenda
+ Nothing else to add

### Progress for the previous week. Did everyone contribute enough, what issue were resolved?

+ Janusz
  + Add Task button
  + Board Settings Button
+ Mihai
  + Finished Drag and Drop feature
  + Almost finished Long Polling for some parts of the app
+ Christos
  + Added full Subtask feature, changed both the frontend and backend
  + Added tests, Javadoc for his code
  + Formatting of the ExtendedTaskCard page according to the mockups, added customization features
+ Ilse
  + Styling for some parts of the app
  + Managed the Heuristic Evaluation review
+ Ksenia
  + Added the Server Connection page
  + Contributed to the Login page
+ Yasir
  + Added overlays for popups, finished the fullscreen feature
  + Styling for some parts of the app

+ Overall, major progress has been made since last week. All Basic Requirements have almost been finished, as well as many aspects of the rest of the Epics

### Heuristic Evaluation: What is already done for the draft and what should be improved for the final report? Ask TA to give a feedback.

+ Feedback on the Heuristic Evaluation was good
+ An Apprendix section will be added, as well as mockup screenshots.
+ Final proofing will be done, as well as a partial rewrite of the Conclusions & Improvements section
+ The Issues found by the other team should be prioritized better based on severity
+ Not much else will be changed from the draft to the final submission. We are happy with its current form
+ We will contact the other team in regards to some problems in their evaluation process which have affected our report, mainly, the fact that they only went through our mockups once during their review process


### Product Pitch: What features should be finalized before recording a video? 

+ It was decided for the draft to be in video form
+ Draft must be as comprehensive as possible
+ We will focus on the script and the storyline
+ We are probably going to write the script together and film separately. This will be discussed in detail right after the formal meeting.
+ Al of our app's features should be showcased, as well as all features we plan to implement
+ We all agreed on the high importancce of the Product Pitch, asd it will have a sizable impact on our final Product grade

### Short demo of the app.  What is left from basic requirements? What advance features we are going to implement?

+ The app demo received positive feedback from the TA

**TODO** (Task distribution was not fully determined during the meeting, they will be decided during the informal meeting)
+ Tasklist renaming feature must be added (Only Basic Requirement not yet implemented)
+ Long polling must still be implemented everywhere
+ Websockets must be integrated (Mihai)
+ Subtask feature finalized, Tag feature added, Tests, Javadoc finished, Debugging, Styling of ExtendedTaskCard (Christos)
+ Add Tag management menu in Board Settings
+ Allow user to easily switch between servers
+ Finish the Recently Joined Boards list
+ Add option to Leave a Board
+ Admin features will be added
+ More customization options
+ We will implement as many Keyboard shortcuts as possible
+ Test, Javadoc, styling for all other parts of the app
+ Checkstyle still not enabled

### Question round

+ Last technology rubrick was not very comprehensive; we would like some additional feedback.
+ Not a problem if there are not always specific buttons on screen for every single feature. However this must be cleearly showcased in the Product Pitch
+ Division of tasks and code contribution is still a major problem that hasn't been addressed. We will try to balance out contributions as much as possible in the remaining days
+ "Very Good" feedback doesn’t necessarily mean there’s any problem, it just means we should keep doing what we’re doing for the rest of the features.
+ Partial grades can be received for Epics
+ Function should be prioritized over Form over the remaining days of the project

### Feedback on this meeting

+ This meeting received very positive feedback from team members.
+ Participation by all team members was satisfactory, important concerns were addressed.

### Chair and Minute Taker of next week
+ Chair for the next meeting: Eduard 
+ Minute Taker for the next meeting: Ksenia 
+ Janusz wil be absent during next week's meeting, however he will join online

**End of Meeting**
