# Week 6

## Important Data
**Location:** DW PC1 cubicle 6\
**Date:** 21-03-2023, 14:45 - 15:30\
**Chair:** Christos Tamvakas\
**Note taker:** Eduard Mihai\
**Attendees:** Christos Tamvakas, Eduard Mihai, Ilse Inanc, Janusz Urb√°nski, Ksenia Sycheva, Yasir Al-Hasnawy, Carina-Silvia Oprean

----------
### Check In - How is everyone doing?
+ Everyone is great

### What did everyone do this week? Were all TODO items as outlined in last week's Minutes addressed?
+ Everybody had a significant contribution since the last meeting
+ Janusz
  + refactored endpoints for task lists and cards from the server for future simplicity
  + took care of the server controllers for the task lists
+ Ksenia
  + functionality for adding a board / entering a board
  + add board pop-up
+ Christos
  + pop-up extended task card controller
  + update for extended task card is now synchronized
+ Yasir
  + took care of out prototype for our heuristic evaluation
  + board controller functionalities
+ Eduard
  + connection between client overview, starting page and client menu
  + implemented a short polling for starters
+ Ilse
  + managed to do the login page controller
  + connected the login page to the next scenes
### Heuristic Evaluation: Does everyone understand what it is? Are our mockups ready? How will we go about evaluating the other team's Product?
+ Almost finish, needs just some minor changes
+ Every remove button is just for one task card
+ Highlight a specific task card to show which one has the functionality
+ Focus on the interface, rather than making every scenario possible
+ We need to check the other team's mockups as soon as possible
+ Evaluate what we have now for the other team
+ The whole evaluation should be done in a group preferably
+ Speak more about the evaluation at the first internal meeting for week 6
+ The draft needs to be until the end of week 6

### Short demo of the app. Pending Basic Requirements. How will we transition from the Basic Requirements to the rest of the Epics?
**TO DO**
+ Delete a task card - Janusz
+ Add a task list pop-up - Yasir
+ Add positions fields for the task cards - Eduard
+ Add page for specifying IP - Ksenia
+ Edit/delete a board - Christos
+ Create a task card - Ilse

Everything that we have for now works fine

### Important pending issues: Checkstyle rules & Effort / Time Predictions for Tasks
+ Use checkstyle from now on when we make merge requests
+ We'll need to take care of time predictions in our internal meetings

### Question round
+ Feedback from the TA
  + More complex comments for the merge requests from now on
  + Be more careful with code contribution and the division of tasks

### Feedback on this meeting
+ A very constructive meeting, we have planned our division of tasks until the next week
+ We discussed technical aspects in depth (e.g. handle the positions of cards)
+ Everyone came up with useful suggestions

### Chair and Minute Taker of next week
+ Chair for the next meeting: Ksenia
+ Minute Taker for the next meeting: Christos

----------
**Meeting Closed**
